raise on the right still not
it has to do with Greek still hair in the area of
rigor alone in the external shot of the
second occasion of Bologna 3 minutes
to take the lead
gargano sweeps the truth becomes a
assist for the header of that
frigate player takes but one who goes to
take gargano but how do you do
but what done but I don't know now gala
unscrewed as it did it is but it is
crazy a useless player
completely useless dangerous
dangerous because it does damage to yours
team scoring chances is laconically
our genius of the bench and there in
feet that looks like that looks
modified do not forget the eyes and
benko is well recommended even from Bari
from letty spreads on it for
frog in the position of balloon wing
backward person house keys not
cassano stop but the ball serves stankovic
and limit it to say not even too much time
too much time and who was wrong was alone
the vigor without anyone ahead for
stopping and pulling it took too
It has been closed
we are already on the other side attention
that for ages only against two words with
gilardino in the pass area I lose
frog anticipates gabbiadini
mom my defense the discovery of
offside game
then we must immediately run to the
twelfth minute 1 to 0 for the bologna
the inter looks and the perfect assist for
gilardino which is better but beats than before
and manages to score the goal of one a
but zero are often on the position of
gilardino that seemed an offside
now let's see san filippo no why
there is already over full but it was vanilla
who knows who
and who knows